[Music]
what's your hidden strength every single
person has a particular strength that
often lies beneath the surface hidden
away in the depths of their personality
today's test will give you an
opportunity to figure out what your
forte is before you find out this
intriguing information press the
subscription button and ring the
notification about to join us on the
bright side of life after each question
you'll have 10 seconds to pick the most
suitable answer remember to write down
how many points each answer brings you
because you'll need to calculate your
total score at the end 1 if you have a
problem in your life what do you do a I
laugh it off B I work out a number of
solutions and choose the best one C
I just pull myself together and deal
with it D I ignored until it goes away
[Music]
score if your choices answer a you get
40 points answer B brings you 30 points
if you picked C write down 20 points
answer D is worth 10 points to choose
the flower you like the most
a rose B Lotus C sunflower D jasmine
[Music]
score if you opted for answer a you get
20 points answer B brings you 30 points
answer C makes your total score 10
points higher answer D is worth 40
points
[Music]
three which color looks the most
appealing to you a burgundy be vibrant
blue see yellow D turquoise
[Music]
score if your answer is a you get 20
points B is worth 10 points answer seed
adds 30 points to your total score if
you pick to answer D you get 40 points
for which destination would you choose
for your ideal weekend trip a some
historical site B the mountains see a
peaceful beach D a beautiful big city
[Music]
score if your answer is a you get 30
points if you opted for answer be right
down 20 points answer see adds 10 points
to your total score answer D is worth 40
points 5 if you had a spirit animal
which of these would it be a spider
the butterfly sea eagle deep owl
[Music]
score answer a brings you ten points if
you chose answer B add 40 points to your
total score answer C is worth 20 points
answer D brings you 30 points 6 you're
going to meet your in-laws
how will you impress them a I'll try to
impress them with the force of my
intellect B I'll do my best to make them
laugh
C I'll just keep asking them about their
lives and hope they're impressed with my
interest D I'll try to avoid making them
angry
[Music]
score if your answer is a you get 30
points answer being brings you 40 points
C is worth 20 points
if you chose answer D had 10 points to
your total score 7 choose a quality you
like in people a strong will power B
intellect and wit see honesty and
sincerity D an optimistic view of life
[Music]
score if your answer is a you get 20
points answer B brings you 30 points
answer C makes your total score 10
points higher D is worth 40 points
eight what's your favorite weather eh I
love bright sunshine on a dry and warm
day be I'm crazy about rainy weather see
there's nothing better than fog deep I
love it when it's hot and humid
[Music]
score if you opted for answer a you get
10 points write down 30 points if your
answer is B answer C is worth 40 points
answer deep raise you 20 points 9 which
of the following things do you enjoy the
most a crossing off an item from a
bucket list be making sure you were
right about something C being listened
to D laughing so hard it hurts score if
your answer is a this brings you 20
points
if you chose answer B write down 10
points answer C brings you 30 points
answer D is worth 40 points 10 what's
the quality you dislike the most about
yourself a I'm too chatty B I might get
stressed out in a difficult situation
see some people tell me that I'm too
bossy D I'm a tiny bit too stubborn
[Music]
score if your answer is a you get 40
points answer B is worth 30 points if
your answer is C add 20 points to your
total score answer D brings you ten
points you have 10 seconds to calculate
your total score are you ready here are
the results if your total score is 100
to 170 points your main strength is your
integrity you're a person of high moral
standards this helps you stay calm in
those difficult life situations that
make other people feel conflicted you
have high standards and you don't betray
them even if you get into trouble
because of what you believe in you're an
honest person and prefer the bitter
truth to a sweet lie this may cause you
some inconveniences since very few
people appreciate your honesty at the
same time you're respected by many for
being loyal to your principles
if your total score is 180 to 240 points
your main strength is your leadership
skills you have an inborn talent for
leadership and you're enthusiastic about
what you do on top of that you have the
ability to inspire others people trust
you and accept you as a leader you're
confident and compassionate and you
perceive the worries and needs of the
people you lead and do everything
possible to allow your team to benefit
from any situation
you're a brave person ready to take
risks and be responsible for doing so
you're fair and impartial and this is
highly appreciated by those who surround
you if your total score is 250 to 320
points your main strength is your
intelligence you have well-developed
analytical skills when faced with a
problem you can usually see at least a
couple of solutions right away you're a
determined person and when you set a
goal you do everything possible to
achieve it you're confident and you
believe in yourself and your abilities
which makes other people respect you and
trust your opinion you know how to use
opportunities when they arise at the
same time you don't simply jump at every
chance first of all you analyze all the
options and only then do you make your
final choice if your total score is 330
to 400 points your main strength is your
creativity your curiosity often gets the
better of you if a question arises in
your head you just have to find the
answer you're interested in many
subjects and have an unending flow of
ideas you don't take yourself too
seriously and others love this feature
of yours you try to fill your life with
fun and playfulness and you have a
wonderful ability to tune out unwanted
thoughts you know how to relax and allow
your subconscious to do all the work
you're full of enthusiasm and can get
excited about almost anything this makes
you a bottomless source of inspiration
for other people
were you surprised by the results of the
test tell us in the comments below
remember to give us a thumbs up share
this video with your friends and
subscribe to this channel to join us on
the bright side of life